All right, so
we're going to start with this first
video on Multimedia Computing and
Classification.
Basically breaking it down, hopefully
breaking it down best possible way.
>> Right.
>> So,
there are four fundamental multimedia
attributes, that I guess you could say.
And if you see the little
link on the bottom,
I actually got most of
this information from
another slideshow that I found online and
that I just thought was perfect.
So, I was unfortunately unable to use
that, but I took the information and
put it on here.
So feel free to take that link and
go check that slideshow out as well.
There is more information there.
So yes.
So, you have digitized multimedia.
And what's digitized multimedia?
>> It's where, mentioning how most
pretty much all media formats nowadays,
or all kinds of media are in
some kind of digital format.
>> Yes.
Yeah.
We're taking analog signals.
>> Yeah.
>> We're
turning them into digital signals.
>> Once upon a time they
were mostly analog.
>> Yeah.
>> But nowadays,
>> Everything's pretty digitized.
>> Yeah.
So,
that involves digital signal processing,
lots of other core heavy math and
programming classes that you might be
interested in taking later on but, yeah.
So then they're distributed.
The distributed media is the information
that is conveyed in remote
either pre-produced or produced in
real time, distributed over networks.
Now so can we think about something
that is pre-produced and stored?
And then can we think of something that's
produced real time and transmitted?
>> So that could be like news, right?
Real time, transmitted, live news.
>> Okay.
Live news.
Yeah, exactly.
Or maybe a conference call on Skype.
That's also real time produced and
stored and transmitted.
>> Right.
>> And then maybe something that's
pre-produced and
stored like music on your iPod.
>> Yeah, or a TV show.
>> A TV show, yeah, there you go.
On your on your HD AT&T recorder,
who knows?
>> [LAUGH] Whatever it is.
>> Whatever it is.
Then, there's interactive media.
So, the interactive media is
something that you can control.
>> Yeah, right.
I find that like a lot of games
tend to be kind of interactive media,
right?
>> There you go.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
Like maybe you have a PS4 at home or
something, or
an XBox with a Kinect or something.
>> No absolutely.
Perfect.
So there you go, interactive media and
integrated media.
So integrated media, basically is
bunch of different kinds of media
put together, but
that can be controlled independently.
So I guess how can we maybe
think of an example for that
>> Because you can also use games again.
>> Yeah.
>> Maybe games or
the XBox one control center.
Something like that.
Where you have all of
your medias together,
you have your Netflix applications,
you have your game applications,
you have all this stuff,
all these different medias,
they're put together, But
you can control them independently.
All right, cool.
So that being said,
let's check out what else we got here.
Classifications.
Different types of media or multimedia.
>> Yeah, you mentioned this before
in the first lesson, right?
So.
>> Yeah,
I was trying to rattle them off the top of
my head, but here they are on the slide.
So you have text, which would be
kind of like Instant messaging.
>> Yeah.
>> Sending it through
your cell phone network, through
the internet, through your Facebook,
through whatever you're using.
>> Yes, whatever.
>> Audio, voice calls, that's all
types of multimedia audio, mp3s,
music, whatever you got.
Midis up there is an example.
>> Yes.
Still images and videos.
The camera.
Tons of still images, or tons of videos.
>> Just a simple picture.
Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Then, you know, millions of pictures or
thousands of pictures put together and
unseemingly looking like a video.
And then graphics, which is essentially
an image created by a computer, or
a computer generated image.
And then animation,
a sequence of graphics.
Great.
>> It's just like video graphics.
>> Yeah.
All right, cool.
Going a little deeper.
There are two different kinds
of media when looking at
either being static or dynamic.
Now, we take what we just
talked about in the last slide.
You have an image and
then you have a video, right?
So the image would be the static
version or the discrete media.
>> Right.
>> And then the video would be the dynamic
or the continuous media.
I would suggest searching these things.
If you want to learn more about this
kind of stuff, I mean it's more,
it's just all concepts that
they're just fun to know about.
They will also help you kind of critically
think your way through your applications
later on when you're developing.
All right.
>> Last slide here?
>> Yes.
So, system implications.
Now you can kind of see what's required,
I guess, in hardware sense,
in a software sense, of your system or
I guess, what are you forced to deal
with when you decide to take on these
multimedia applications or jobs?
Now, so you're going to want to be pretty
good at coding, compressing, digitization.
So your team might want to have
someone that's good at digital
signal processing working with programs,
such as MATLAB, that allow you to create
filters, working with stuff like that.
You're going to need a lot of storage.
Multimedia, in general,
especially uncompressed multimedia,
requires a lot of storage.
>> Yeah.
>> I know even in this studio.
They're doing an AV work,
terabytes of freaking space factor.
>> If you ever try to put in a Blu ray
movie unto your computer something,
it gets like 30 plus gigs.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
Processing power.
So you're going to need a lot processing
power when dealing with multimedia.
I mean even the most
hardcore games out there.
>> BBVGV view right?
>> They don't even hold a candle to
these rendering programs that a lot
of the audio video multimedia specialists
have to use, engineers have to use.
>> If any of you have dab into
video editing or anything,
you notice you need tons of RAM or
maybe some a lot of processing power
to be able to export your edited file.
>> Yeah.
Understanding, I know we're kind of
dribbling through these, but
understanding, so speech, object
recognition kind of goes into the computer
vision that Randy was talking about.
Something that we're hoping to touch on
later on in this course where we build
a demo as these scripts and
algorithms get better and better,
we are able to execute more
robust object detection and
more robust voice detection.
So, actually we have some examples
I think maybe in the next video.
But you'll get to see some really
cool things that people had made with
these computer vision and
object detection.
And then production.
So, there's more complex authoring and
user innovate software.
So all of these stuff,
you can imagine just eats up your system.
You're going to need a very
powerful system to work
with some intense multimedia applications.
Presentation of your application.
You're going to deal with the user
perception, so front-end back-end stuff.
>> Right.
Like I've mentioned before.
>> Yeah.
Protection, media encryption,
copyright, privacy.
These are all things that you find
out more find on the website there.
I would recommend checking it out.
But again, all system implications
of the multimedia process.
Distribution, delivering the multimedia,
broadcasting multimedia,
communication, transmitting
multimedia over a network,
over the internet,
how is your multimedia being transmitted?
But yeah, anyways, so,
I know this was a long video.
Hopefully, you're still paying attention.
[LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH]
>> We look forward.
>> You understand.
>> It, it's going to get more exciting.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
But yeah, so this is the end.
We will see you in the next video, where
we go over more about the multimedia.